all right guys HM here what's gonna I
mean I mean to dust for some very very
very small suggest of adventure I'm
doing great I'm doing great I'm glad to
be here in Miami lar have a great time
in advance it's a great weekend very
thankful now if you guys don't know this
great fantasies of a great experience
exactly what role did known as will you
forgot the name Sam cats and cats from
the series killer killer but most
recently and most normally you see long
as Robin from super smash bros from
today's new martial law protected
president Yvonne her great investor in
Resident Evil Richard and Tales of
Graces great now this Leo and this
invisibly focus on Robin suit Lou Perez
her experiences was yeah I want both the
whole things how'd you get the contact
in kendo
well I actually a voice Robin first
environment okay
and in Fire Emblem I went in and
auditioned standard practice obviously a
production company across from Utah
fantastic and when I recorded fire Emily
the funny thing about this is is that
nobody had no idea how much fire I'm
losing the blog
come on what I understand the rumor is
he's that it was analyzed with his last
shot in Fire Emblem and
and so I went in we recorded it and over
the course of the next year and after
two years after it hit the police and I
guess the popularity just kind of
spiraled and gone in well I got contact
a few same production company that
reported fire and I go into cheerio like
you know what you're here for right and
I'm like iron corrector and she looks at
me with this week in her eye and she was
once told me yeah oh my gosh had no idea
top secret at the time so I couldn't say
worried about it to anybody that was Big
Brother without that's like we need to
mean it's like because you of course
poisoning for all my trailer
he wasn't like keeping that information
like for the care of anybody like you
know it was um it's kind of funny it was
hard but this I would go to that I had a
gun run over different convention
appearances and people would ask me
everything I'm coming at you in socket
on like no no I can't talk about
anything and you know I was tired up
wanted to be able to tell me what I
couldn't say anything so that's kind of
par for the course is say you know we do
these roles and so young really excited
about me you just hand talking about
here contracted and there's a reason for
those projects a very real reason for
moving I got pregnant that way
personally impossible
now of course one is about
of course you're with barbecue
Mariana is the avatar
yes how'd you get about building a voice
to have a head that's closely like no
only to your own parents in the game
like that here's what you get when you
audition her piece is you give us a
whole new character breakdown in the
character breakdowns gonna tell you how
old that character is what their
background is is going to describe you
know the hero or the villain and then
you go and you still live from that when
I use it have an actor since I can run
look here who wants it with lines and
why they're saying what they're saying
what's here good one why are they saying
them but then with that I develop
attitude of the character and that
attitude kind of brings the voice to
compare to like you so in that be more
clear when you actually the character in
video games specifically is you don't
get a lot of contacts online who rely on
hundred and ten percent on your Chimecho
give you the context that's what's going
on why you're Sanders so working still
very good I want to assume that of
course I'm Heather
they probably you know I'm really okay
in Robins voice yeah okay really feeling
it
thank you so much you got it